# Project 2
_Build a Portfolio_
## Below are the questions from P0, which I am using as a reflective tool and study aid.

### How do I approach problems?

1. I first identify all my **requirements** from the project rubric.
    * Page at a minimum including at least 4 images, title text (h1-h6), regular text, and a logo
    * No div tags with id or class
    * Interpret page structure from DOM
    * Use grid system for layout
    * Use HTML 5 semantic tags
    * Use framework for layout (bootstrap)
    * Personalize design (adjusted fonts, colors, content, and general layout to my tastes)
    * Add additional JavaScript functionality (popover)
    * All content is responsive on Desktop, Tablet, and Mobile
    * All content on all three devices (responsive not adaptive design)
    * Include viewport meta tag
    * Use framework classes for layout out page
    * Include srcset for optimized images (note only the opener image warranted using srcset)
    * No style tag or attributes in HTML
    * Code is logically organized and includes comments on choices
2. Next, I look and see if I understand all of the requirements.
    * I investigated the bootstrap grid system
    * I investigated HTML5 semantic tags
    * I investigated the srcset attribute
3. If I do not understand a requirement, I ask questions.
    * I investigated code structure approached used by front-end developer at my workplace
4. I create a **plan** for solving my problem.
    * First, I created an outline of my content
    * Second, I created an un-styled page with my content
    * Third, I created an initial set of styles
    * Fourth, I iteratively changed my styles
    * Fifth, I created a JavaScript file
    * Sixth, I validated my HTML and CSS
    * Lastly, I wrote my readme file
5. I study any new knowledge or skills required for the problem.
    * [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com)
    * [srcset](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img)
    * [HTML5 elements](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element)
6. I start my plan.
7. I adjust my plan as I am working through the problem.
8. I test my **solution** to the problem.
9. I document my solution and any new knowledge/skill.
10. I deliver my solution for review

### What skills do you have now that will help you tackle challenges?

* Languages/Syntaxes
    * HTML5
    * CSS 3
* Frameworks
    * [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
    * [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com)
    * [Font Awesome](https://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/)

### Questions

* What are some advantages and disadvantages of other framework (not Bootstrap)?
* How much of HTML5 semantic tags are currently utilized? Examples?
* Why would one use srcset for serving selective images when the picture element appears to do the same thing and has an easier syntax?
* What would be a good rule of thumb for requirements like "personalizes the design beyond the provided mockup" when determine how far I can go?